Add doc for kreference-mapping (#4231)
knative/docs: docs/eventing/experimental-features.md

# Experimental features

In Knative we want to keep the innovation alive, experimenting and delivering
new features without affecting the stability of the project.

In order to achieve that goal in Knative Eventing, we have a process to include
new features. This allows users like you to try out new features and provide
feedback back to the project.

This document explains how to enable experimental features and which ones are
available today.

For more details about the process, the feature phases, quality requirements and
guarantees, check out the

> [Experimental features process documentation](https://github.com/knative/eventing/blob/main/docs/experimental-features.md).

Reviewer: My suggestion to replace this bit:

```
In order to keep Knative innovative, the maintainers of this project have developed an [experimental features process](https://github.com/knative/eventing/blob/main/docs/experimental-features.md), that allows new, experimental features to be delivered and tested by users, without affecting the stability of the core project.

<!--TODO: Add note about HOW / where users can provide feedback, otherwise there's not much point mentioning that-->

!!! warning
    Experimental features are unstable and may cause issues in your Knative setup or even your cluster setup. These features should be used with caution, and should never be tested on a production environment. For more information about quality guarantees for features at different stages of development, see the [Feature stage definition](https://github.com/knative/eventing/blob/main/docs/experimental-features.md#stage-definition) documentation.
```

Author: much better, thanks!

Reviewer: You're very welcome! 😄

!!! warning Depending on the feature stage, an experimental feature might be
unstable and break your Knative setup or even your cluster setup, use them with
caution. For more details about quality guarantees, check out the

> [Feature stage definition](https://github.com/knative/eventing/blob/main/docs/experimental-features.md#stage-definition).

Reviewer: This needs to be formatted properly so it renders in the preview:

```
!!! warning
    Your indented text here
```

Reviewer: see above for suggestion to rewrite this intro, inc. the note

## Before you begin

You must have a Knative cluster running with the Eventing component installed.
[Learn more](../admin/install/README.md)

## Experimental features configuration

> When installing Eventing, the `config-features` ConfigMap is added to your
> cluster in the `knative-eventing` namespace. In order to enable a feature, you
> just need to add it to the config map and set its value to `enabled`. For
> example, to enable `new-cool-feature`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you install Knative Eventing, the `config-features` ConfigMap is added to your cluster in the `knative-eventing` namespace.

In order to enable a feature, you must add it to the `config-features` ConfigMap under the `data` spec, and set the value for the feature to `enabled`. For example, to enable a feature called `new-cool-feature`, you would add the following ConfigMap entry:
```

name: my-channel
```

With this feature you can allow Knative to resolve the full `APIVersion` and
further upgrades, deprecations and removals of the referred CRD without
affecting existing resources.

!!! note

>     At the moment this feature is implemented only for
> `Subscription.Spec.Subscriber.Ref` and `Subscription.Spec.Channel`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    At the moment this feature is implemented only for `Subscription.Spec.Subscriber.Ref` and `Subscription.Spec.Channel`.
```
This note is not rendering properly in the preview; I think it's because of the unnecessary break across lines

**Tracking issue**: [#5148](https://github.com/knative/eventing/issues/5148)

**Persona**: Developer

When using the `delivery` spec to configure event delivery parameters, you can
use `timeout` field to specify the timeout for each sent HTTP request. The
duration of the `timeout` parameter is specified using the
[ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Times) format.

> The following example shows a Subscription that retries sending an event 3
> times, and on each retry the request timeout is going to be 5 seconds:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows a Subscription that retries sending an event 3
times, and on each retry the request timeout is 5 seconds:
```
use present tense in writing tone

    timeout: PT5S
```

You can specify a `delivery` spec for Channels, Subscriptions, Brokers,
Triggers, and any other resource spec that accepts the `delivery` field.

> ### Knative Reference mapping

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Knative reference mapping
```
sentence case for headings

**Flag name**: `kreference-mapping`

**Stage**: Alpha, disabled by default

**Tracking issue**: [#5148](https://github.com/knative/eventing/issues/5593)

**Persona**: Administrator, Developer

> When enabled, this feature allows you to provide mappings from
> [Knative reference](https://github.com/knative/specs/blob/main/specs/eventing/overview.md#destination)
> to templated URI. For instance it allows you to directly reference non-addressable resources everywhere Knative Eventing accepts a reference (e.g. PingSource sink, Trigger subscriber, etc...).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When enabled, this feature allows you to provide mappings from a [Knative reference](https://github.com/knative/specs/blob/main/specs/eventing/overview.md#destination) to a templated URI.

For example, you can directly reference non-addressable resources anywhere that Knative Eventing accepts a reference, such as for a PingSource sink, or a Trigger subscriber.
```

> Mappings are defined (by the administrator) in `config-reference-mapping`. The following example maps `JobDefinition` to a Job runner service:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mappings are defined by a cluster administrator in the `config-reference-mapping` ConfigMap. The following example maps `JobDefinition` to a Job runner service:
```

{% raw %}
```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: config-kreference-mapping
  namespace: knative-eventing
data:
  JobDefinition.v1.mygroup:
    "https://jobrunner.{{ .SystemNamespace }}.svc.cluster.local/{{ .Name }}"
```
{% endraw %}

The key must be of the form `<Kind>.<version>.<group>`. The value must resolved
to a valid URI. Currently, the following template data are supported:

> - Name: name of the referenced object
> - Namespace: namespace of the referenced object
> - SystemNamespace: namespace of where Knative Eventing is installed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `name:` - The name of the referenced object.
- `namespace:` - The namespace of the referenced object.
- `SystemNamespace:` - The namespace where Knative Eventing is installed.
```

Given the above mapping, the following example shows how a developer can directly reference `JobDefinition` objects in PingSource:

```yaml
apiVersion: sources.knative.dev/v1
kind: PingSource
metadata:
  name: trigger-job-every-minute
spec:
  schedule: "*/1 * * * *"
  sink:
    ref:
      apiVersion: mygroup/v1
      kind: JobDefinition
      name: ajob
```

!!! note

>     Currently only PingSource supports this experimental feature.

Reviewer: move this note way higher in this section - someone would want to know this before they enable it

Author: done.
